come on guys it's ballsy and today I got
the xbox one unboxing for you guys and
as I said for the video title it is the
xbox one you're looking at this is not a
troll video you are looking at the real
thing this is the xbox one right here we
got it's right here you're looking at it
this is a first look you're ever going
to see or the xbox one the gayest name
for an xbox so far what you guys think
look at it it looks pretty cool this is
a next-gen gaming console of today on
this generation well you guys think
that's pretty sweet right so yeah guys
seen I put out the xbox one unboxing I'm
not lying you know I it's real it's
clearly the xbox one you know it's just
I showed you guys the xbox one unboxing
it's not troll video it's real you can
clearly see that it's the xbox one you
can't say anything but no seriously in
all seriousness guys if you want the
xbox one all you have to do okay all you
have to do is you have to go to the
store you have to buy a sombrero okay
cost about 10 bucks you know wherever
you live I don't know where you live but
you can go out somewhere and go buy a
sombrero you come back you have to put
the sombrero on the xbox 360 turn on the
xbox do play the xbox you get the
graphics right and unfortunately it's
the Mexican version so I don't know how
the price is very in the different
locations that you live due to this
being a Mexican context King console but
yeah guys that's it you know fucking put
the sombrero on that shit and just
fucking play it you know so thanks for
watching if you enjoyed this video
please give it a like and if you guess
like this video please give it a like
obviously and that's it see ya you ask
why do i troll well it's in my genes I
am physically a living a troll I live
under a bridge I can't stop doing this
this is who I am my my living this is
who i am i am a physic i am physically a
troll that's why I didn't want to do a
face reveal because I am an ugly a
stroll and
I don't want to reveal the truth about
very creatures living amongst humans so
that is basically why i troll